This is my EXSM 3945: C# API Project Assignment.


Notes:

When using the "patch" the field to edit can be entered in
	upper or lower case, but there MUST be a space between
	words, or abrevieations of words.  To fix this so that
	anything coould be typed in, we need more validation.




This seemed to be a straight forward project.  For a change
I had very few issues understanding what I needed to write
for code.  I was quite excited to find that I wasn't having
as much issue with this as I have a lot of other projects 
that I have had to do throuhgout this course.  The issues 
that I encountered were all from my own doing, and once I 
found them, it was easy to see where I went wrong.  Most of
what I had encountered were from cunfusion of the naming 
conventions that were used, but in the end, I believe that I
had created a lot of the confusion myself.

After a couple more days of working on this, I have 
discovered that there is a lot more to it than just copy and
paste.  I do like that this assignment has some real world
merit to it, and I can imagine what this would be useful for.
The amount of validation that needs to be done is something
else.  Wow, is there a lot.  I ran out of time to do it all,
but the error messages that need to happen are correct.

The "Patch" was very difficult to get working correctly.  The
manuipulation of the user input string was giving me lots of 
greif as to how to get it to match what the table names were.
Also, trying to figure out how to make the user aware of what
was expected was impossible.  In my opinion, I cheated, and 
added more cases with the multiple ways that a user may try
to enter something.

Another issue I've encountered is with the "Put" functions.
For some reason I'm having issues with the Key's.  Good thing
I can have either a "Put" or a "Patch" function.


